release: sourcegraph@5.3.0 (#96)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/CHANGELOG.mdx

### Fixed

- The `/.auth/saml/metadata` endpoint has been fixed. Previously it panicked if no encryption key was set.

> - The version updating logic has been fixed for `sourcegraph/server`. Users running `sourcegraph/server:5.3.0` will need to manually modify their `docker run` command to use `sourcegraph/server:5.3.0` or higher. [#7442](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7442)

Reviewer: This needs to be reverted. Unfortunately, we'll need to ignore this file next time.

Author: snap, also notice the other place with badness I picked up on.

> - The version updating logic has been fixed for `sourcegraph/server`. Users running `sourcegraph/server:5.3.0` will need to manually modify their `docker run` command to use `sourcegraph/server:5.3.0` or higher. [#7442](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7442)

Author: This change looks incorrect.

```suggestion
- The version updating logic has been fixed for `sourcegraph/server`. Users running `sourcegraph/server:3.11.1` will need to manually modify their `docker run` command to use `sourcegraph/server:3.11.4` or higher. [#7442](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7442)
```

@BolajiOlajide any idea how to stop the release tool from touching this file?

Reviewer: Just pushed this to stop that: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/60490

The second is a bit tricky, maybe?
